Heya, Shoyo.
You heading to morning practice?
Hey, Acchan. Yup.
Isn't it early even for an early lunch?
Actually, this is my second breakfast.
I have lunch and snacks packed separately.
Congratulations
On Going to the Spring Volleyball Tournament,
Boys' Volleyball Team!
Congratulations
On Going to the Spring Volleyball Tournament,
Boys' Volleyball Team!
I guess this is really happening.
Hinata!
I forgot to mention this earlier,
but we'll be taking measurements
for the pamphlets today,
so hurry and come see us right after school.
Could you tell Tsukishima
and the others that, too?
Yes, ma'am!
Hey!
Let's see who's got the highest reach.
Bring it on, Kageyama-kun.
I'll even be willing to make
a wager, if you'd like.
Three curry buns.
Deal!
I'm a man who defeated a boar!
Is their teamwork really gonna be okay?
Yeah, well, I defeated a bear!
Boars—
The Crows Fly to Tokyo Once Again
Episode 1: Introductions
The Karasuno High School
Boys Volleyball Club will be
going to the Spring High School
Volleyball National Tournament!!
We are currently asking for donations.
We thank you for your support.
Contact: Karasuno High School Boys
Volleyball Club Advisor: Takeda
Yes. We'll gladly use them!
Huh?
Er... Yes, I'm single, but...
Yeah, I'm content.
Heyo.
How's it going?
One out of every four times I call alumni,
they try to set me up with someone.
So about that video...
Will you do it for us?!
This is for my precious juniors.
I'll go all out.
Nurse's Office
Ready?
Go for it. I'm ready.
Karasuno
High School
Volleyball Club
Oh hey, Hinata. How'd it go?
I'm 164.2 cm!
I've grown a whole 1.4 cm taller!
Wow, that's great.
What about you, Yamaguchi?
I've grown 5 millimeters
and I'm now 180.0 cm!
You've gotten into the 180s!
What about you, Kageyama?
181 cm.
Point...
Point 9.
Wow, you grew.
Kageyama
Me
Grown!
Yes! I win!
How?!
I grew a whole millimeter taller!
Wait, you actually remember
everyone's height, Hinata?
I guess you're good at math
when it comes to this, Hinata.
Having fun comparing shrimps and pipsqueaks?
Good work.
Tsukishima! You jerk!
Tsukki... Don't tell me...
That's amazing, Tsukki!
You finally surpassed 190!
I order you to shrink, Tsukishima!
Tsukki!
I wish I could get that excited
about getting my height measured.
Wake up, Hinata!
The hell are you doing?!
Hey! All of you pipe down!
Faculty Room
Takeda-sensei, you've got
a call. It's on line 2.
Yes, hello, this is Takeda.
Oh, yes. Thank you for calling.
Yes... Yes...
What?
Tsukishima-kun got 334 cm!
Wow, that's the highest so far.
Great job, Tsukki!
What are they doing?
Apparently, they're measuring the highest point
they can hit for the
Spring Tournament pamphlet.
Next, Nishinoya.
Wow... I guess they really
are going to nationals.
Huh! They're jumping higher than me.
Nishinoya's only about 150 cm, right?
I'm 160, damn it!
302 centimeters.
Next, Kageyama.
Here I go.
Um... 337 centimeters.
Right now, Kageyama's at the top.
And there's only one remaining...
Next, Hinata.
Right!
Everyone's being so
competitive with Hinata...
Wha?!
How high was that?!
How many centimeters is it?!
Just wait!
Let's see...
333 cm!
Yes!
That's about the same as you, Asahi.
Damn it... I'm not gonna lose.
You owe me three curry buns.
He's increased 5 or 6 centimeters from before.
I guess guys really aiming to
go higher are different.
Higher?
Well, when you're spiking,
you're usually just trying to match
your height with the ball, right?
But Shoyo's absolutely positive
that Kageyama will get the ball to him,
so he's always trying to
jump as high as he can.
Form and the starting run...
I think those are both important
in increasing your jumping ability.
So you're saying that Kageyama's gradually
making Hinata's jumps higher.
Next, let's battle with
whoever gets the most blocks!
The loser buys the winner
Gungun Yogurt for a week!
You're on!
Is everyone here?
Gather round!
Right!
Good afternoon!
Thank you all for your hard work.
This is sudden, but I have some big news.
Kageyama-kun.
Huh?
You've been asked to attend the
All-Japan Youth Training Camp!
All... Japan?!
Japan?!
Holy crap!
Youth... As in...
The national representatives for
Japan under the age of 19... right?
Yeah... Wow.
That's all... I can really say.
Shiratorizawa Academy
Wing Spiker
That's the same as Ushiwaka!
Ushiwaka managed to remain a
representative until the end,
That's awesome, Kageyama!
but who knows if the King will
actually last that long?
All-Japan is like super cool!
If I remember correctly, it's from
the players nominated today
that they'll pick Japan's actual under-19
representatives two years from now.
To compete against the world.
They basically look for 15 and
16-year-olds all around Japan
to prepare for that selection in two years,
and select a tiny handful
of the best of the best.
Just being invited to something
like that is amazing.
I guess we've been practicing
with some insane guys.
I mean, versus the world? They're
on a totally different level.
Please stop.
But the training camp is going to be held for
five days at the beginning of December,
and right before the Spring
Tournament in January,
so it's not a requirement to go.
But...
He should go.
I'll go.
I mean, the best in Japan will be there.
Not to mention,
there's no point in a team
like us being timid.
What about me?
Uh, we're talking All-Japan here.
All-Japan.
Representatives for all of Japan under 19.
Do you understand that?
Of course, I do!
So... The only one who got
an invite was Kageyama-kun.
Kageyama, make sure that
when you get interviewed,
you tell them that your wonderful senpai
named Sugawara showed you the ropes.
Right...
Stop trying to slip in suggestions.
No fair trying to get ahead, Suga-san!
Honestly, I'm wondering why they
haven't invited Nishinoya.
True... But we are kinda biased.
Don't let it get you down! Let's just
keep practicing our asses off!
Well, in cases like this, I'm sure
they consider talent and potential,
but I hear they look at how balanced
a player is overall, too.
There will be a lot of players
meeting for the first time,
so they probably consider how well
they play with others, too.
And for a libero, I mean...
they'll probably invite someone
who's a bit more mature...
Mature... Right.
I can't even argue with that.
All right, listen up!
I have one more piece of news.
Also happening in the
beginning of December...
There will be a special training camp for
promising rookies in Miyagi Prefecture.
Coach Anabara from Johzenji High
School just gave me a call.
It's apparently an idea
to try to level up Miyagi Prefecture's
volleyball skills as a whole.
This is apparently only
open to first-years...
It's basically a mock youth camp.
A mock youth camp?
One of our players has been invited.
Tsukishima-kun.
That's so awesome, Tsukki!
You're one of the best
first-years in the prefecture!
A training camp?
I mean, Tsukishima was
amazing in the finals!
What the hell? Why is it only first-years?
Sensei! What about me?!
Um... Well, Tsukishima-kun was the
only one invited to this one...
I mean, the Spring Tournament is right
around the corner, so I'll pas—
Do your best out there, Tsukishima!
Yeah! It's rare for you to get a chance
to have guys from other
schools mess with you.
Fukurodani
Nekoma
Big Bro
Big Bro's
Team
Yeah, I get enough of that already. Thanks.
Okay, I'll go ahead and tell them
you'll both be participating.
Hey.
I'm going on ahead.
Sakanoshita Shop
The place that Kageyama's going for training
camp is supposed to be amazing, right?
It's Tokyo's National Training Center.
Yeah, that!
That's also where current
Olympic players train, right?
I'd love to go there someday.
Why not sneak in?
Yeah, I'd be arrested on the spot.
Let's all just have fun here, Hinata.
You say fun but, you guys
are just gonna be practicing.
Well, yeah.
Your legs aren't moving!
Come on! Another one!
Kageyama's starting training
camp tomorrow, too...
This is the route from Tokyo Station.
Once you get to Tokyo Station
JR Utsunomiya Line
(Towards Koganei)
Get in one of the cars towards the back
Akabane Station
West Exit, Bus stop #6
Take the bus heading to Ouji Station
JR...
U... Uto...?
U...
I wonder if Kageyama got there okay.
I heard that Take-chan gave
him detailed directions,
so I'm sure he'll be fine.
I hope he included furigana
so he can read the kanji...
Huh?
Something wrong?
Actually... Hinata's not here yet, right?
Oh, yeah...
Shiratorizawa
Academy
He's usually here by now.
Um...
Haikyu!!
You weren't invited, right?
Just ignore him.
I don't know him. He's a total stranger.
Hey! You're Karasuno's #10!
Wait, Karasuno?
Karasuno High School
Volleyball Team
Hey! You're the quick attack guy!
Wait, did he just say he wasn't invited?
How friggin' stupid are you?!
Well, I didn't want to get arrested.
Huh?!
Yeah, that!
That's also where current
Olympic players train, right?
I'd love to go there someday.
Why not sneak in?
Yeah, I'd be arrested on the spot.
Yeah, but what would
possess you to come here?!
No, wait. You'd go if you
wouldn't get arrested?!
What the hell kind of
thought process is that?!
You moron... You absolute moron!
Wow, that amazing vocabulary.
I guess even Karasuno's
Four-Eyes can lose his cool.
Sorry, what?
Karasuno High School
Volleyball Club
Apparently, Hinata infiltrated
that rookie training camp.
I guess he's at Shiratorizawa right now.
Way to go, Shoyo!
He sure does some crazy things.
Shiratorizawa
Academy
Why, you...
What the hell do you think you're
doing, Hinata?! Damn it!
S-Sorry!
What?!
Hinata-kun,
being a go-getter and absolutely thoughtless
are two different things.
I'm sorry!
Takeda-sensei from Karasuno
always seems pretty calm, but
I wonder if he's actually scary.
It's not that I think practicing here is
more important than practicing at Karasuno.
But I want to participate at a
training camp that's going to be
filled with strong players.
I want to see what they're
like outside of matches.
And see why they're strong.
I want to know!
I understand how restless you feel,
but that doesn't excuse your actions.
This also means you'll
be causing them trouble.
Please come back...
It's not like I care if we
have another ball boy around.
I'm finally here!
Karasuno High School Volleyball Club...
You're from the team that beat Wakatoshi-kun.
That's... Sakusa Kiyoomi
from Itachiyama Institute.
He's one of the top three spikers in Japan,
and he's the only second-year here.
And I get to watch him up close.
I'm Kageyama Tobio, and I'm a first-year
from Karasuno High School!
I'm a setter!
It's nice to meet you!
Huh? Yeah, sure...
Oh, man... I'm getting so excited!
He showed up even though he
wasn't invited... That's insane!
I thought he was a junior high kid for a sec.
I wouldn't have known if he
wasn't wearing his track jacket.
He's even smaller in person.
What the hell?
Just let the shrimp from Karasuno join.
I'll crush him...
I guess guys Aone-san's acknowledged
are on another level...
To be honest, I had
recommended Hinata-kun.
Faculty Room
Yes. So, if you're okay with it...
Yes, right.
Thank you very much.
Do you think he'll be okay?
If Washijo-sensei didn't want
him there, he'd just say it.
But...
Shibata Yu | Shiratorizawa Academy | 1st year
Goshiki Tsutomu | Shiratorizawa Academy | 1st year
Yura Shota | Shiratorizawa Academy Junior High Division | 3rd year
The kids that they've gathered...
And the one that's in
charge is Washijo-sensei.
He hasn't changed at all.
"Simple is best."
He loves height and power
above anything else,
and is always on the lookout
for strong players to gather.
I don't know how far Hinata's
thought this through,
but this is a really important opportunity.
But...
I mean... I couldn't have
asked for anything better.
Let me just say this.
Without that setter, Kageyama,
I can't say that I sense any worth in you.
If you don't want to be a ball boy,
you can go home at any time.
This might be far more difficult
than Hinata realizes.
The floor's not hardwood?
Apparently footage from the
court shows up on that screen
with a 6-second delay at all times.
Wow.
So you can thoroughly examine your plays.
That's awesome!
Gather round!
Now then...
All-Japan Boys' Youth Team Coach
Hitaki Kotaro
Let's have a word from the Japan Olympic
Men's Team Coach, Hibarida. If you would.
Sure thing.
Let's see...
Japan Olympic Men's Volleyball Team Coach
Hibarida Fuki
I'm sure you're tired of us old guys talking,
so I'll keep it short.
"The Japan Team crumbles
before height and strength."
That phrase is pretty outdated now.
Skills and talents aren't meant to be had.
They're meant to be shown.
Public Interest Incorporated Foundation
Japan Volleyball Association
When you go up against the world,
make sure you go berserk.
Let's prove to everyone that volleyball
is way more interesting than they thought.
Gather round!
Sorry for interrupting practice!
I'm a first-year from Karasuno High School!
Hinata Shoyo!
I'm 164 cm tall!
And my position is ball boy!
Thank you for having me!
Episode 2: Lost
Next time: "Lost."